Animal Shelter Laravel web app

the (enter here shelter name) animal shelter is a non profit organization that rescues stray dogs and cats.
the shelter records the animal's breed, gender, approximate age and   other relevant information.
they are also checked for diseases or injuries by volunteer veterinarians.
once these strays are rehabilitated, they are now ready for adoption by qualified individuals.

Quiz 1.
Create database tables using migration scripts. database name should be the in this format: db_your_lastName eg: db_reyes db_delos_reyes etc
Code requirements for the web application :
Unit 1 create CRUD controller, models and views for animals. animals should be categorized into different types of animals. upload photos of animals. use resource controllers. (20pts)
mp 1 create CRUD controller, models and views for rescuers. rescuers can bring one or more animals to the shelter. use resource controllers. (15pts)
mp 2 create CRUD controller, models and views for shelter personnel. personnel can be employees, veterinarians or volunteers. use resource controllers. (15pts)
mp3 create CRUD controller, models and views for adopters. adopters can  adopt one or more different types of animal. (15pts)
mp3.1 animals that have been adopted should not be shown on the landing page. 5pts
mp4 create CRUD controller, models and views for common animal diseases and injuries. An animal can have one or more disease or injury when they are turned over to the shelter. (15pts)
mp4.1 animals that are not fully cured or rehabilitated cannot be adopted. 5pts
mp5 the front page of the web app should display all adoptable animals. 10pts
mp6 create basic authentication for employees. only authenticated employees are allowed to enter data. protect routes using auth middleware. 10pts
mp7 visitors can search for adoptable animals. 10pts
quiz 2 the app can display the information and health status of each dog or cat (with photos) 10pts
quiz 3 the app can display the adopters and the animals they adopted. 10pts
unit 2 apply multiple validation rules and custom error messages on all CRUD scripts. one validation rule per field will not be accepted. (15pts)
term test (choose any one of the following) 25pts
1.1 create a contact form that will send a message to the shelter. all messages can be viewed by authenticated employees. 15pts
1.2 create a contact form that will send a message to the shelter. all messages can be viewed and deleted by authenticated employees. 20pts
1.3 create a contact form that will send a message and an email to the shelter. all messages can be viewed and deleted by authenticated employees. send the email to admin@shelter_name 25pts
Project notes
use laravel form collective and form model binding.
full credit(score) will not be given if you do not clearly answer questions during project defense.
Additional points will be given if project is exceptionally done, has zero or few errors and finished early.
Additional points will be given if UI design is clean, apt and has easy to use navigation
Progress will be checked every week.
this is a one student project.
